Oh, the next thing that I want to say is our lack of biological knowledge and the general poor health of the, of America, of the American people is being used to create the crisis.
They need to divide and conquer us to ruin maybe America.
I don't know.
Crash the dollar.
Steal the rest of our, our, what limited treasury value we have left.
I don't know, but I know for sure.
that they are combining our lack of biological knowledge and our general society's lack of good health and access to health care to create a crisis to usher in all kinds of changes that would otherwise never be necessary, and more importantly, never be possible.
If you think about it, you know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally, and these COVID vaccines are vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine, okay.
But actually, they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines.
And, you know, anything with really rapidly fading efficacy, such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada's saying nine months, is as actually J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
Bye.
Some of the busiest rhymes ever made by man are going into this mic written by this hand, are coming out of this mouth made by this tongue.
I tell you now, my man, my name is Young.
But so you think that it's your destiny to get the best of me.
But I suggest to be quiet, bro.
Don't even try.
From the east and west of me, taking it and never breaking it.
So even shaking it, grooving it, and always moving it.
Because I'm not faking it.
Pulling out rhymes like books off the shelf.
I'm going off, baby, there's no turning back.
I'm on your TV, on your album, cassette, and A-track.
And when the show is finally finished, I'll be taking my bath.
My name is Junga, yo, I got know-how.
You know what I'm saying?
Just like this, I got juice like the president.
I'm making rappers hesitant.
Invite me to your house, and I'll be chilling like a resident.
Yes, because I'm that type of man, because I make myself at home no matter where I am.
I got it rolling like thunder, making y'all wonder why I'm on top with all the other rappers under.
I make no errors, mistakes, or blunders.
It's like a wedding.
Let no man put us under.
My name is Young MC.
I like to rhyme rhyme well, because when I get up on the mic, I just release my spell.
It's no hocus pocus.
I just get you into focus.
Buss it.
Moving all around above and under the ground You see my face and then you hear my sound Coming at you with the mic in hand I'm gonna take command just the way I planned Cause I'm a one man band and you are my fan Don't you understand I'm like Superman You're the man of steel don't you know the deal You better be for real I got sex appeal This is what I feel and this here's my vow And now you know the brother with know-how You know what I'm saying?
I got know-how And I'm chillin'
never healing in my mouth I got two feelings whatever I'm on a Mike Colston getting over my name as young as he known as the fly-catching over
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to GigaOM Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Your consciousness is indeed prime real estate, and it has been filled to the brim with misinformation and immunomythology.
And GigaOM Biological is slowly evolving to try and replace that immunomythology with some real biology, and at the same time, trying to pivot our work into something that can stand the test of time.
And that means that we're going to have to become a little more sophisticated than reminding you of liars every day, even though these charlatans are indeed the focus of our ultimate goals.
Our day-to-day goals really need to be getting as much of this kind of information out as far and wide as possible.
These are the main arguments of GigaOM Biological, and any discussion about them
will bring us closer to the goal, closer to freedom.
It doesn't matter if I'm not quite right about number one.
It doesn't matter if 25 years from now, number two isn't totally true anymore.
It doesn't matter if... if...
Some viruses can be considered real.
They're never going to be considered pattern integrities.
And so this stream is brought to you by a guy who used to be an academician, an academic biologist.
I hope my music wasn't too loud there.
And gigaohm biological is actually derived from the word gigaohm to describe the high resistance seal that I used to use in order to make high resistance low noise recordings of individual neuronal activity and connections.
And you can find a long history of my work on the internet at the National Library of Medicine.
If you just look for my last name, a hyphen, and two Js, you will find all of those papers, including a last one in 2024 in Cell Reports, thanks to a good friend, Catherine Ruff.
This mystery virus is definitely not responsible for excess deaths and there were lots of people that were hanging around at the beginning of the pandemic very, very early.
Put in place to make sure that we couldn't figure out what this graph should really look like.
put in place to make sure that we would never really figure out that the mystery virus isn't responsible for excess deaths, but a long list of bad ideas that were spread very vigorously as limited spectrums of debate by people that we were led to believe were heroes that were speaking out.
And in the end, all of these people, including Tony Fauci's team, have agreed to ignore the possibility that there's maybe there's no evidence at all for the spread of something.
And instead, all of them have accepted that.
And instead, all of them have agreed not to talk about strict liability as an American legal idea.
They've agreed not to talk about the Seventh Amendment or jurisdiction stripping as being legal ideas that are relevant to any of this stuff in America.
Instead, we talk about free speech and censorship, and we need a new consensus about what transfection was before the pandemic.
It was always criminally negligent.
We need a new consensus about what RNA couldn't do before the pandemic, and it can't do what they have ascribed it to having done.
And finally, we need to come to a new consensus that the vaccine schedule in the USA was already a criminal enterprise before the pandemic.
And they would murder Americans and lie about it in order to cover that huge crime up.
That's really the argument that GigaOM Biological is making.
And so let me pull myself into the front here with a little less music.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I'm really glad you're here.
It's a very nice morning here in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It's 1119.
on the 8th of August, and we are still dealing with this illusion of consensus that was created not just by Tony Fauci and Rand Paul on national television, not just created by the elaborate illusion theater of Peter Daszak and Tony Fauci and Ralph Baric and Shengli Shi and RATG 13 and Li Min Yan.
but also by all the people that are on the screen right here that were involved in writing books and going on hundreds, not a few, but hundreds of podcasts to discuss the implications of a lab leak coverup.
And this illusion of consensus was edified by there being a separate trap where you could just deny the existence of all viruses and all pathogenic
you know, diseases and whatever, and then be completely out of the discussion entirely.
And those were all ended up to be what I would consider traps that we were led into.
And as a result, we have
by no fault of our own, taught our children an immunomythology version of reality that includes ideas like, you know, we need to fear free-range RNA molecules, which is this little statement right here.
I'm not very good at the weatherman thing with this particular
screen.
You know, I've been pointing out the fact and Mark Kulak has done an excellent job pointing out the fact that although it seems like we're hard on Robert Malone, Robert Malone seems to be a very big kink in their armor in terms of the story of understanding how the pandemic was set up before
2020 by experts and by people behind the scenes who have been outbreak specialists for decades that also agreed that we needed to fear free-range RNA molecules, especially those with special attributes that could only be inserted by a person on a keyboard.
And these, again, were reinforced years later by somebody who, in retrospect, was part of the ramp up of the behind the scenes acceptance of the idea that RNA molecules are dangerous in certain contexts.
And in fact, she presented at the real event 201 in 2018, where
where they discuss spike protein vaccines with none other than Kizmekia from Time Magazine cover.
And it's just she's an NIAID grant recipient from Hong Kong.
So, you know, years later, she's talking to Steve Kirsch and asking the questions, do viruses exist?
Does SARS-CoV-2 exist?
Is it a laboratory virus?
What countries are responsible?
And they walk right through the Scooby-Doo.
You know, it's just terrible.
It is a, it is a, what is it spelled?
I think it's a, it's a,
It's a crucial time right now for us to figure out how we can succinctly show this to college kids, that they can try to understand that this military industrial complex, this biosecurity state, would never have left the interpretation and sort of pursuit of truth to chance.
But instead, they would have, of course,
put agents everywhere that would be, you know, could catch the attention and seem to rise spontaneously through social media.
People like Jessica Rose, who didn't rise spontaneously.
She was carefully elevated.
They're all ops.
All of those people are probably ops or related to people, assisting people that are ops.
And that's how they work.
That's why they only promote each other on any of these social media platforms.
They never promote the people that they think are, you think are also fighting with them.
And that's why I use this.
illustration to teach it is that you know I thought I was on Twitter and that I was gonna send the tweet that would save the world and I was gonna write the thread that would save the world and I was hoping and just praying that some of these people would eventually share my work and then that would finally get it to the stage where I could finally get my message out that you know synthetic DNA and synthetic RNA is
is what RNA virology is based upon.
And synthetic DNA and RNA is what all pharmaceutical biologics are based on.
And synthetic DNA and RNA is what all transformation and transfection is based on.
And synthetic and DNA and RNA are only things that you would need in order for all of the sequencing data and all of the PCR data to either be faked, manufactured, or buttressed.
by signals that could be produced by a biosecurity state whose whole goal was to make sure that the populace in general would never come to these conclusions.
The real biology, which is there are very few excuses for intramuscular injection being used to augment your immune system.
And in fact, I can't think of any.
There might be reasons to intramuscularly inject something that would
that would modify your immune system, like an antibody, maybe you want to inject that intramuscularly.
But there's no reason to state that injecting an antibody intramuscularly is better than a careful IV application of the same antibody.
So again, here, I chose that language very,
very carefully for a reason, because what they purport to have done with the childhood vaccine schedule before the pandemic is augment the immune system that is instructed to permanently change it, to alter it in a way that is beneficial to its owner.
And these promises are ridiculous from a biological perspective.
And so as we move forward, trying to help our young people understand why that's ridiculous,
We need to be sure that we are already testing this language on people.
Try to get them to give you an example of when intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system isn't done.
When wouldn't it have been better to put that in
the skin?
When wouldn't it have been better for you not to have used some of those ingredients?
When would it have been better for you to have tried to find a way to apply it orally?
When would it have been better for you not to have done it at all?
All of those questions are not asked just in the same way that we just kind of work on the idea that we don't have to worry about what breastfeeding does or doesn't do.
We don't even want to worry about that.
We wouldn't want to, for example, find out if children are twice as smart from breastfeeding moms than non-breastfeeding moms, because that would be really, really terrible for the people who can't breastfeed.
That's how public health works right now.
We are not trying to optimize the children that we produce in our society at all.
We're not trying to think of optimizing the health of parents to optimize the health of children.
We're not thinking of ourselves as pattern integrities.
We're not thinking of ourselves as optimizable.
We're not thinking of ourselves as having any responsibilities.
You looked at that video we saw yesterday and a lot of those people were simply unhealthy.
A lot of people in America are simply unhealthy and it just accepted as the way life is that none of their, they have no responsibility for where they are 25 years after they were 18 and not like they are now.
And this is really all part of what social media has done to us.
And it's done it over many, many years.
And if we do not pull our heads out, our children will be the first generation of experimental humans that have always had their conceptions of reality shaped not by their experiences on bikes, or crashes on the street, or fights in the woods, or keg parties in machine sheds on the back of somebody's farm.
their experiences will be and their idea of social reality will be wholly determined by the bullshit that they have seen on YouTube and TikTok and and Snapchat and this
cannot be allowed to happen.
And I don't think that we can move forward until all of us are on the same page about this.
We cannot save the world using social media.
We cannot learn about the world using social media.
We learn about the world by following real people, communicating with real people.
I hope I didn't waste too much time there by saying that, but I'm really feeling very strongly my kids are coming back tomorrow and one of the things that is going to change in terms of their habits as they come home is that we are going to be very aware of this in a way that we were aware of before, but
I mean, my son is starting high school and there's a campaign to be had here.
There is a real argument to be made that these weaponized piles of money using military technology on our kids' phones is immoral.
And this illusion of consensus created by these people is ongoing.
It's still going.
And if we don't do something actively to reject it and to stop engaging in it, then it will continue to go on and rule our lives and the lives of those around us.
We've got to be more vocal about the fact that there's no way to use social media healthily.
We got to we got to get out there and say that there's, you know, you got to get off that stuff.
Stop even engaging with people and what they saw on social media.
The moment they say they saw something on social media, you got to say you got to get off of that.
Even if it sounds interesting.
First, you have to say you got to get off social media.
What did you see again?
Because by going on social media, you agree to get in the chair, you grab the joystick, and you're going to play Star Wars.
And whether you like it or not, you can't win that game.
You can't win that game because people like Jessica Hockett are willing to lie to you with people like Jonathan Engler, with people like Nick Hudson, with people like
like Robert Malone, with people like Jessica Rose, with people like Kevin McCairn, with people like Kevin McKernan, with people like Sasha Latupova, with people like all of those people on the screen, including Tony Fauci, Peter Daszak, Ralph Baric, they're all willing to lie together on stage about things in order to participate in the governance of us.
And they have been doing it for years.
And the latest iteration of it on social media over the last four years is being ruled by, governed by, paid for by Peter Thiel and Elon Musk, and that's what X and Rumble and Locals and
Telegram and Gab and all of these new social media that have popped up that Jimmy Dore says Rumble is the free speech place and Russell Brand says the Rumble is the free speech place.
This is just a place for us to do segregating on our own and give our personal data to certain other people so that they can use it for their own benefit.
That's the only reason why Elon Musk bought Twitter.
That's the only reason why anybody starts a social media platform, is to get information and profiles on people that are interesting.
And all the better if we could be run around and rushed around, you know, oh, Robert Malone got censored on LinkedIn, so we're gonna have to follow him to Gab.
Oh no, we'll have to follow him to Substack.
Oh no.
Bret Weinstein lost his monetization on YouTube.
I'm gonna put my foot down and watch him on Rumble instead.
And then I'm gonna go to the Q and A and locals, and I'm gonna show those bad guys.
And that's all just part of this theater.
You're just playing the game that they want you to play.
You're running in the directions they want you to run.
You got to start your own social media.
You got to start your own, we've got to decentralize.
We've got to get out of this trap that they have us in right now.
And so that's kind of where I feel like I am right now.
I feel like I'm on a spaceship trapped all by myself, losing my mind very slowly, but that's all right.
Because I do think that we have a lot of happy things to look forward to, because we've got ourselves where we are now.
We know where we are.
We know how we feel about things.
And now it's time to broaden our sort of scope of understanding.
Because of course, what we've got to remind ourselves of is that, well, I have to remind myself of, is that I was completely asleep before the pandemic.
Completely asleep.
What does that really mean?
It means that I was completely on the childhood schedule.
I was completely okay with it.
And I didn't really even wake up when they gave two shots to my newborn daughter in 2000.
You see, this is,
And so it's worth going back to see who was saying something beforehand.
It's worth going back to see what people were saying beforehand.
So I thought to go back to 2017 today and give Frontline a chance, PBS News a chance to
to see what the discussion was in 2017 about vaccines and about public health in general, because I think you might be surprised.
Most of us weren't paying attention to this, so most of us would have never watched a show on Frontline called Vaccines Calling the Shots.
And in fact, remember what 2017 is.
2017, I think, is a time when Vaxxed and Vaxxed 2 are going around.
And there's a little bit of kerfuffle about the anti-vaxx movement.
And so, of course, who comes to the rescue but PBS NewsHour?
And so that's why I think it's going to be fun.
Vaxxed was 2014, see?
So we're in Vaxxed 2.
And we're really at this crucial moment where I think there was a measles case that was going through courts that was still going through at the beginning of the pandemic.
It just stopped.
Those are things that I know less about.
So it'll be interesting to see what was going on here.
So here we go.
Let's just try and get this going right away.
I think it should just work because it should just work.
Here I go!
Invisible threat!
You don't have to cough, you just have to breathe.
It's the worst kind of contagion.
It's airborne.
Diseases largely unseen for a generation are returning.
This can't be.
This cow looks like she has measles.
This is New York.
We don't see measles in New York.
It's astounding to me that you can have people dying of measles in the developed world.
Today, children are getting sick and dying from preventable diseases as nervous parents skip their children's shots.
You are injecting a substance into your child, so I think it's very natural to wonder whether that substance might actually be doing harm.
There's just so much information.
I don't know who to ask.
Who am I supposed to trust?
In a world of often conflicting information, parents are seeking what's best for their families, while doctors worry about losing lives.
Your job is to try and save children's lives, and when you stand helplessly by and watch them die, it gets to you.
We ask a lot of parents, we ask them to trust that we are recommending the best thing for their children.
That's a big deal.
The science behind vaccines, why they work, how they work, and how we decide to vaccinate or not.
It's not about saying, oh my gosh, I'm afraid, and now that's the end of the conversation.
No, that's just the start of the conversation.
Vaccines, calling the shots, right now on Nova.
Happy, healthy children.
It's what every parent wants.
And in this era of modern medicine, it's what most parents expect.
Many dangerous diseases have all but disappeared, thanks in good part to vaccination.
In the U.S., more than 90% of parents vaccinate their children, and most follow the recommended schedule.
That's up to 28 immunizations in the first two years of life to protect against 14 different diseases.
But today, powerful concerns are in circulation.
I'm concerned about how many vaccines we have to give our children at once.
So I'm kind of debating whether I will do them, but I'm debating the age.
When should I have them done?
There's just so much information there and I don't know who to ask.
There's no such thing as an unbiased source.
At least 10% of parents delay or skip some shots.
Around 1% don't vaccinate at all.
And in some places it's far higher.
What's driving some people away from vaccines and what are the consequences for those who vaccinate and those who don't.
Okay.
So I'm already going to have a problem with this.
Number one, because it's in Melbourne, Australia,
Gotta go work with those crown royals.
The other thing I'm gonna have a problem with is because they said people who vaccinate and people who don't, but now they're gonna tell you a story about whooping cough that I think you can't really vaccinate before they're like a few months old.
And so if they're just gonna show us a premature baby that has what they call whooping cough, that's kind of like lame.
What are you going to then make the argument that we should give babies the moment they come out of the hole a whooping cough vaccine too, but we don't because we're careful?
Oh, it's going to be gross.
I can feel it already.
That sounds awesome.
Osman Chandab is seven weeks old.
He was due to be vaccinated against whooping cough in the next week, but the germ has gotten to him first.
The germ.
His mother brought him into the hospital two days ago.
What started as a runny nose and slight cough has become frightening episodes where he's struggling to breathe.
Whooping cough, or pertussis as it's formally known, can be life-threatening for babies.
Whooping cough is caused by a really nasty bacteria called Bordetella pertussis, and it produces a toxin and it attacks the airways.
I'm not a pediatrician, but I find myself thinking that I would have put the kid on my shoulder
and lifted his butt up and pushed him over my shoulder so that he was kind of coughing over my shoulder and with less verticality.
And instead they sat the kid up in a bed who's not strong enough in his spine to hold his body up yet.
And then tried to make him cough like that instead of letting him lay on his chest on my shoulder like you would burp a baby after.
I mean, it's so bizarre to watch people
Handle babies that don't handle them the way that we were taught to handle them in Norway Like we had three days in a hospital where we had infinite access via a string pull To people that would come in and ask any dog answer any dumb question that we had Help me change the diaper or you know, am I being too rough or how hard can I wipe the little babies?
you know all this stuff like
It's so crazy to me, in retrospect, how little effort we put into educating people about parenthood, about children, and about development.
Because, of course, there used to be a time when we would just tell pregnant women that you can't really wear your makeup anymore, you shouldn't use any more of your cosmetics, you can't eat any of this non-pasteurized cheese or sushi.
I mean, you're pretty much done.
And why?
Because the baby is most vulnerable during development, which isn't over after the babies come out of the womb.
Otherwise, of course, they would come out of the womb and then run around in the backyard a couple hours later, like a fawn.
But they come out of the womb, but they're still developing.
So the idea that just because they came out, we can give them intramuscular injections and augment their immune system because we know how development works.
This is the biggest lie of all.
And so what you're hearing here in this video, which I find extraordinary, is the subtle discussion of the idea that delaying vaccines might have a biological basis in reality, but they're never actually gonna say what that biological basis would be, even though they're gonna show you a lot of moms who are gonna say, well, I'm not sure whether I'm gonna do it, I'm just gonna delay it.
don't talk about how you would delay it or what biological mechanisms and biological basis for which you might say that even if they were necessary, why would you delay it?
Well, again, because they don't wanna talk about the fundamental biology of humans, which is that, you know, when a baby comes out, you're a mammal and the definition of a mammal is mammals, mammillary glands, it's breastfeeding.
And so one of the most important things that is emphasized in Norway when you have their first baby is that it doesn't matter whether you have big boobs or little boobs or flat this or round this or long ones or short ones.
Every mom can breastfeed.
And only in extreme cases will these people allow you to get into the mindset of you're not gonna breastfeed your baby for the first couple months.
Like that's like ridiculous.
That would be like saying, yeah, I'm just gonna put a dog dish out in their room with baby food and hope they find it.
Like, no, this is a fundamental part of who we are as sovereign,
God created beings.
It's a fundamental aspect of our identity and it is a fundamental aspect of what it means to be a woman and a mom.
And yes, there are times when it doesn't work.
There are times when it can't go for four years, it goes for four months or whatever, but the idea
that in America, we have basically given up on that as being a central aspect of what is coming in the next nine months.
We need to start talking about what you're about to do.
And in Norway, they started talking about what you're about to do months before the baby came.
These people are only concerned about whether or not these women are going to take their recommendation about vaccines.
They don't probably have any formulated opinion about the necessity, the beauty, the absolutely impossible to underestimate the potential benefits of breastfeeding.
And now I'm not trying to say this to take a stand and make some people feel bad or whatever.
What I want you to see is the direction that big picture biology in America should be going as we go forward trying to teach our children what's real about them.
What's real about being a man, what's real about being a woman, and what's real about being a father, and what's real about being a mother.
And with regard to boiling down parenting to decisions about injections is exactly the goal of this apparatus that one of the most amazing and malevolent parts of is Frontline and PBS and all the shit that they make.
And see it for what it is, because this is really what it is.
They have been busy with this back before we were paying attention.
Because we didn't have kids, because we were the kids.
And compared to when we were kids, this is not the same.
You did not get 28 shots in two years for 14 diseases.
I know for sure I have not gotten 28 shots in the first two years of my life for the total of 14 diseases.
And so this has been a very slow progression and a very slow development.
And it doesn't matter where you draw the line, it is a criminal enterprise at present.
And it was a criminal enterprise before the pandemic, as is evidenced by this PBS NewsHour bullshit, 28 shots in two years is the recommended schedule in 2017.
Imagine including COVID in there.
Imagine an mRNA for RSV in there.
We are at a crucial moment, ladies and gentlemen, where everyone can wake up and realize that something is very, very wrong here.
And it isn't the people that are following Robert Malone that we need to wake up.
It isn't the people that are following Jessica Rose that we need to wake up.
We need to wake up the other 70% or 90% or 99% of the world who doesn't know who these performers are even.
Those performers were used against us because we were awake early on social media, trying to use social media to wake up our friends.
And so we were the ones that the Lollapalooza of liars engaged with.
We were the ones that they DM'd on Twitter.
We were the ones that, don't you see?
The rest of these people are still here because they were there in 2017.
trying to use mainstream media and PBS NewsHour to understand what anti-vaxxers are and why there was measles in New York and why everybody's getting into a hoopla about what people said on the Today Show or what Jim Carrey and his wife at the time said on Oprah or whatever.
This is the response to that, the update to it, the, you know, obviously those people are crazy version from PBS News, from Frontline, and you see right now that it is all about taking our children, and it always has been.
It has just crescendoed to an absurd level now.
in the pandemic and we need to be aware that we're still at that absurd level because in 2017, it was 28 shots in the first two years and now you have to add COVID and RSV at minimum to that list of recommendations that a lot of pediatricians are gonna be giving.
Some of those pediatricians are gonna be recommending that these women are taking a COVID shot in pregnancy, a flu shot in pregnancy.
So we are far past the point of no return for these people.
They need to be re-educated in terms of what biology they are violating, what fidelity has been exaggerated, and how they're not the experts they think they are.
And we need to have some of those people on the show at some point.
We need to challenge them to join us.
It causes a really nasty bronchitis, and they get really sticky.
There's a lot of ways to get really nasty bronchitis.
There's a lot of ways to get really sticky phlegm that's hard to cough out.
You can get really sticky phlegm that's hard to cough out if you take anybody with bronchitis and then dehydrate them, for example.
Sticky, thick phlegm that they can't shift.
And they try to, and that causes them to cough.
And why do we need to be in an Australian hospital seat of shit?
Wow, that was a terrible accent.
Like you're putting him in the worst position possible.
Like it's straight up.
What are you doing to that baby?
What is that, a 16-year-old nurse here?
Holy shit!
Yeah, just like that, that's perfect Why don't you just let him drown in it?
Oh, man, play the sad music His body's gotta fight it Boy, oh boy
A generation ago, whooping cough was rarely seen in developed countries.
Now, it's back.
A generation ago, we didn't have whooping cough.
Because everybody followed the vaccine schedule that wasn't 28 shots in two years, of course.
Imagine the possibility that the hep B shot or the vitamin K shot that that kid got a couple three four days before is what caused him to have a respiratory bronchitis To be susceptible in the first place But already we don't know did that kid get a hep B shot You know when it just came out of the womb like my daughter did Did she get a bite?
Did he get a vitamin K shot, you know?
Because that is a puncture, okay?
Whether you like it or not, it's a puncture.
It's a puncture that occurs, what?
Seconds after a relatively, let's say, liquid birth?
It's a puncture.
You know, the same thing, the same thing, the same thing that's on my leg right here.
That huge, that was all red yesterday.
All the way around to the back and it was all the way red down here.
You saw it, it's still swollen up, but the red's gone.
And it all came through this, this piece of, of eczema here on my leg, which is actually oftentimes not that bad.
But it's, that's a puncture in my skin that allows bacteria to get in and me to almost lose a leg.
And the same thing can happen in your lungs where a bacteria or bacteria, multiple kinds of bacteria, breach the barrier of your lungs and cause a systemic infection that will have all the same symptoms as what I had last weekend when I had this infection that started through a hole in my leg.
I had fever and chills, cold sweats, muscle aches.
The only reason why I didn't call it the flu was because I had nothing in my stomach and nothing in my lungs.
But understand that the only other barriers besides your skin are your gut and your lungs.
And so if those barriers are broken, just in the same way that my leg was broken,
then you're gonna have a bacterial infection that exposes you to endotoxins from the bacteria that is a general signal for inflammation.
And that if that gets out of control, you can have muscle aches and you can have fevers and you can have all of the things.
And if it was a breach in your lungs, then you're gonna have lung.
You're going to have symptoms and pain and inflammation in your lungs.
If it was a break in your gut, you're going to have pain and inflammation in your gut.
You might have diarrhea.
Don't you see?
There's a really good understanding for how sickness evolves in humans.
There's a real good reason for almost all of it, especially that which involves
generalized symptoms at a barrier.
Bronchitis, upset stomach and nausea, swelling and inflammation in the skin.
The difference is, is that puncturing the skin gets you to a place that is less likely to cause you trouble.
I didn't notice that it was my, where the barrier was broken.
I knew that I was having muscle aches and I knew I was having fever, but because my lungs weren't upset, because my stomach wasn't upset, I didn't understand what was going on because I didn't know what barrier was broken.
And it's very easy to understand when you have a respiratory disease that that barrier may be broken.
And if that barrier gets broken at the lungs, your body needs to panic very quickly because the lungs, of course, has access.
The lungs is a very thin barrier, so your immune system is very well represented there.
The inflammation can kick off immediately.
Whereas a breach in the skin, yes, you have immune system there, but the immune system in the skin is a lot slower and it's a lot more diffuse because the skin is a lot more impenetrable, at least when it's healthy.
And so as we move forward, understand that this, our basic understanding and model of how our immune system protects us and how a breach of the immune system manifests
doesn't require the existence of pathogenic viruses, it doesn't require it.
And in fact, it, it almost everything that we can sense kind of suggests that that that's definitely not what we need to worry about that any breach of the barrier that allows bacteria in his in the end, the one that will kill us.
And so if you start to think about these signals, again, as a background noise, if you start to think of these signals, at least in terms of how they are understood, produced, and studied in the laboratory, and how they are akin to the manufacture of biologics in the pharmaceutical industry, you will see that there are giant mountains of explanations for the pandemic that don't involve
a sickness spreading around the world, but involve a coordinated group of liars and a bunch of unwitting accomplices that aren't sophisticated enough in their understanding of the irreducible complexity of biology to understand that it is trivial.
to explain that RNA can't pandemic.
It's trivial to explain why intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
And it is trivial to explain why transfection and transformation were always criminally negligent before the pandemic.
And therefore, because RNA can't pandemic, they were criminally negligent at the start of 2021.
Got off track a little bit, sorry about that.
In 2012, there were nearly 50,000 cases in the US and 20 deaths.
Babies too young to get the Pertussis shot may have no protection.
Pertussis.
And because the vaccine's effectiveness can wear off after a few years, older children and adults without boosters are also vulnerable.
Older adults?
Since the beginning of our young century, there have been outbreaks of vaccine-preventable diseases flaring up like so many wildfires.
I mean, what is the goal with vaccination then?
Does that mean that everybody dies of old age where they are just like, dude, I'm done.
Like, I don't want to be here anymore.
I don't have any friends.
I'm out of here.
And since I can't die of a disease anymore because they keep vaccinating me,
Um, I'm going to need some euthanasia or something like that.
Like what is the goal here?
I don't even understand it.
If, uh, if, if you try to imagine that it's just, it's about something more than turning us into pin cushions, animals, experimental animals, and you, you need shots when you're old is what made me lose two friends so far, at least two very recently.
I mean, like old people that should never be taking a transfection.
are allowing themselves to be transfected and to be immunized against all kinds of things that 10 years ago we had no immunizations for.
Whose grandmother, like mine who's gone already, God rest her soul, whose grandmother was vaccinated when she was 70 plus years?
Nope, they never tried to vaccinate my grandmother for anything.
So this is just opening a business opportunity.
And that's a very, how do I say it?
That's a very generous way to look at it.
Trying to avoid the cost of people living longer and longer and unhealthily living longer and longer because our Western medical system is capable of keeping them alive.
That sounds a lot more like what this is.
In 2011, there were over 30,000 measles cases across Europe.
Although the disease is often mild, thousands had serious complications.
Eight died.
Eight?
In 2012, the outbreak continued in the United Kingdom.
In 2013, it made the leap to the United States.
Wow, so this is all one continuous outbreak over three years.
You see how they sold that?
The outbreak continued.
A young American traveled from London to Brooklyn, infected with the virus.
He returned home to his tight-knit, orthodox community, where most people vaccinate.
But he came from a group of families strongly opposed to vaccines.
Measles quickly spread through unvaccinated families living in the same building.
And then, out into the community.
Children were hardest hit, especially those too young to be vaccinated.
First case that I saw was a 12-month-old girl that came into the office with mom because of a rash.
And I'm looking at this child, examining this child, and I'm like, this can't be.
This child looks like she has measles.
I've never actually seen measles, but I've seen them in textbooks, never in real life.
So I was a little taken aback.
Three or four days later, perhaps, we had another case.
And then the next day, another case.
And then another one.
And it just started getting overwhelming.
Like, wait a second.
The Department of Health tried to stop the spread.
The thing about measles is it's droplet spread.
So, for example, you know, your respiratory secretions if someone coughs.
But it's also airborne.
So the virus can sort of hang out in the air for up to two hours.
Virus hangs around in the air for two hours.
Here we go.
Graphic representation.
Infected man with the white flag on his back.
Already watching, already using security cameras to give you the idea that, wow, maybe we should be monitoring people like this.
Oh my.
The worst kind of contagion is airborne.
That's a nice one.
90% of people who are exposed to the virus and don't have immunity get the disease.
In this instance, two hours later, another unvaccinated person entered the same elevator.
A week or so later, he too became... Nah, you're not gonna eat that all up.
It was a very brief encounter, you know, seconds in an elevator.
It just speaks to how infectious measles is.
It will find those people who are unprotected in a community.
In three months, more than 3,500 people were exposed to the measles virus in the Brooklyn area.
58 were infected, including two pregnant women, one miscarried.
Uh-oh, there it is.
All were confirmed as unvaccinated at the time of infection.
Wow.
Measles was declared eliminated back in 2000, and so this was the largest outbreak since elimination.
It's like telling me, look, we found smallpox.
Smallpox was eradicated.
No one sees measles.
Who sees measles?
Yeah, you'll see measles in third world countries and other countries.
This is New York.
We don't see measles in New York.
Around the world, pockets of low vaccination are appearing, often in affluent, mainstream communities.
Anthropologist Heidi Larson studies why people do or don't place trust in vaccines.
There isn't just a world polarized between pro and anti-vaccine populations.
There's 80 plus percent in the middle who it's either just a social norm, it's good for our children and for our public health.
Others that are starting to question and a certain amount of questioning is healthy.
And then there's some that are starting to get more anxious and are vulnerable to
tipping into becoming against vaccines if they don't feel like they're getting the right information or they're not being heard.
Gabriella Motsman wants to vaccinate her two children, but she's chosen not to follow the recommended vaccine schedule.
Here we go.
So the plan is to be fully vaccinated as soon as possible, but we're doing one vaccine at a time.
I don't know if that's the right way.
I don't even know where I came up with that.
Yeah, I don't know.
Julia Pace has a four-year-old and is expecting another child soon.
She delayed vaccinating her oldest till she was three.
I was concerned that her immune system couldn't handle it, and we just waited.
My son and her, they're not vaccinated yet, and my older ones don't have boosters.
Where are those people from?
She vaccinated at first, but then one child had a seizure.
I mean, they're not Americans.
And I am worried about the diseases.
Isn't that strange how they're not talking to Americans?
That, I mean,
They could be Americans, like, you know, they live here and stuff, but I mean, they're not, it's not third generation Americans here.
These are relatively new immigrant women moms.
That's strange to me.
I find it strange.
Confused, really.
In America, children must be vaccinated before they start kindergarten, but the required shots vary from state to state, and most allow for exemptions based on personal or religious beliefs.
Here in California, almost 3% of children are exempt.
And in some schools, it's more than 30%.
I have a lot of friends who don't vaccinate at all.
And if you say vaccine around them, they look at you like you are literally, well, you know, like you are poisoning your child.
On the other hand, you have parents that can't even understand why this is even a question.
Nobody is willing to really have a conversation with you and discuss what's the severe reaction.
Is it OK to have a seizure?
I would really like to know what the real risks are.
Is it okay to question vaccines?
Of course it is.
It's a start of a conversation.
Look at this guy.
This is something worthy of being concerned about.
He's never spoken to a single person who thinks that their kid was injured by a vaccine.
He's never spoken to a single doctor who would say that they've treated kids that were definitely injured by vaccines.
And this is the trick.
Just like you can go on stage like Robert Malone and say that I had long COVID and so I know what long COVID is, but Robert Malone's never gonna talk to any of those people that we watched in the movie yesterday to listen to them.
to listen to that girl that was sitting in front of the keyboard and the two speakers about how her condition existed before COVID.
Robert Malone's never going to go and try and find people whose immune system was dysregulated before the pandemic in a lot of the same ways that long COVID dysregulates people, because that's not his role.
His role is to make sure that you believe in the novel virus, that millions of people were infected, that thousands got so long COVID and that many more were saved by the shot.
And that's always been his role.
And so this guy is going to try and tell us that he knows something about something that he's never talked to anyone about.
He's just read things and he's talked to people who have talked to people, I guess, just like these, this narrative was controlled.
Now it was already being controlled back then by people who would play along this.
Scientists, Brian Zickman, Fisher studies, how we think about risk.
He's based at the University of Michigan where, in this hall in 1955, the first polio vaccine was announced.
Fifty years ago, you asked any parent, any grandparent, about polio, about measles, about pertussis.
and they knew cases.
It was part of their daily existence.
What's changed now is that we've done such a good job of vaccinating most, not all, most people in our communities, that they are rare.
I have never seen it.
Why should I be concerned about this?
The history of vaccines is clear.
If you start to decrease vaccine immunization rates, you start to see the diseases reemerge.
Gosh, he's awful.
It's a history that we don't seem to learn from.
Look at him.
Will Offit is an infectious disease expert.
He helped invent a vaccine to protect against rotavirus disease, which kills hundreds of thousands of children worldwide.
As a pediatrician, he's witnessed firsthand children dying from preventable diseases.
Skulls, why not?
What a great choice for a background.
For example, in 1991, in the city of Philadelphia, there was a massive measles epidemic.
Of the nine children who died during that 1991 epidemic, seven of them died in our hospital.
So we had to stand by and watch while we tried to support them.
And you know, as doctors, your job is to try and save children's lives.
And when you stand helplessly by and watch them die, it's...
It just it gets to you.
Oh my gosh, what a liar.
Human history is scarred with stories of deadly germs destroying lives.
500 years ago, about one in three children died before the age of five.
But then we began to fight back.
What are we gonna say?
Surprisingly, vaccination evolved from a type of traditional medicine at least 1,000 years ago.
In India, when a wave of smallpox approached a town, there are tales of people doing something extraordinary.
They lined up to actually buy the disease.
Brahmin healers would take a cloth and rub the person's upper arms.
Then they would scratch the skin, just enough to draw blood.
Finally, they would apply dried smallpox scabs taken from patients who had survived the disease.
Most people would get sick, but recover.
From that point on, they were protected.
That's inoculation in the skin.
So that's inoculation at a barrier.
which is the only possible way that you could interact with your immune system in a useful way.
It's the only way, and that's why I make the statement that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent to augment the immune system is dumb.
And so I hope I'm being very, very clear about that, and I'm waiting for some immunologist to come and explain to me how it is not dumb.
when we have the skin and the epithelium of the gut, and in theory, even the epithelium of the upper airways, that could be a good place to interact with the immune system without throwing it for a loop by putting something behind the barriers, or even worse, by transfecting or transforming our cells with a protein, which is just stupid.
Over 1,000 years ago, these Brahmins had observed one of the basic principles of immunization, that you rarely get infected twice.
You had to give people credit.
I mean, they got it right.
They knew that there was something going on that protected you.
They just had no idea what it was or why.
Fast forward around 700 years to Europe, where over 400,000 people were dying from smallpox every year.
An English mother, Lady Mary Wortley Montague, wrote of seeing Turkish women deliberately inoculating their children with smallpox, using a method similar to the Brahmin's.
The children play together all the rest of the day.
Then the fever begins to seize them, and they keep their beds two days, very seldom three.
And in eight days' time, they are as well as before their illness.
Lady Mary successfully inoculated her own son and introduced the technique to England.
People didn't understand why it worked and it was never risk-free.
But the smallpox death rate dropped from around 30% to 2%.
And so it had to be for that reason, right?
It had to be for that.
An English doctor named Edward Jenner took the next vital step.
He demonstrated that deliberate infection with a mild, non-fatal disease called cowpox would protect against smallpox.
He called his technique vaccination, from vacca, Latin for cow.
Edward Jenner's observation caused us to eliminate a disease from the face of the earth, a disease that killed as many as 500 million people.
Amazing, right?
But as vaccination made smallpox disappear, a curious thing happened.
Stories began to circulate of the dangers of the vaccination itself.
Once Jenner's vaccine was used widely, not surprisingly, people became concerned for the same reason that people are concerned today, which is that adults or children were being inoculated with a biological fluid they didn't understand.
They knew that it came from a cow, and that concerned them.
And people, I think, were not sophisticated enough to know that a cowpox virus wouldn't make you become a cow, but that was their fear.
You could argue that the same fears are alive today.
Our understanding of vaccines is something that would naturally evoke fear in us.
Once we acknowledge that a vaccine, by its very nature, is going to make us afraid, then we have to ask the next question, which is, well, why should I be doing it?
To understand how vaccines work, we first need to understand immunity.
Sir Gustav Nassl is a world-renowned immunologist.
Australia is a wonderful natural defense system of the human body It depends on the white cells of the blood to rapidly rapidly rapidly get you protected against the disease Imagine millions of immune cells such as white blood cells all on the lookout for specific germs If they spot something foreign like flu
they prepare to fight.
When that flu bug enters your body, the white cells like to move in on it and they get a bit angry.
The immune cells arm themselves and then replicate, creating an army of clones.
Then, launching powerful germ-seeking agents called antibodies.
There you go.
Tag the germs for disposal.
So that's all they do.
T-cells, they turn into robots, and then they shoot antibodies.
You see how awful it is?
It's absolutely awful.
And they started with this way, way, way, way, way back when.
And remember, this isn't them trying to teach our children an immunology that will help them appreciate the irreducible complexity that is their own biology.
This is the PBS NewsHour teaching you what the military-industrial complex, the biosecurity state, needs you to understand is immunity so that they can justify the use of transfection and transformation to produce that immunity, those antibodies.
They were already seeding this narrative so that you would understand that immunity, I-M-M-U-N-I-T-Y, is antibodies.
just like Saturday Night Live wrapped about a year after the pandemic started.
And remember, this is a national security, biosecurity, military correlate of immunity that the DOD and DARPA and BARTA and DITRA have all agreed is a good correlate of immunity.
And so if you produce antibodies, that's a positive result.
And they need you to understand that in order for them to be able to invert a vaccine schedule that's not really working into something that is wholly testing transformation and transfection on you.
Sampling our data and eventually making the move to say, you know what, your immune system is so complicated, we're just gonna need to sample it.
and then orient our therapy for you.
And so that's personalized medicine.
That's this stuff that that Belgian guy was talking about.
And in fact, all of the same people that are interested in you not understanding what the Human Genome Project accomplished and didn't accomplish.
Those same people that want you to believe that they have the fidelity of gods when it comes to understanding how a genome works and how it results in the pattern integrity that it encodes for.
and this is all part of it.
They want you to think it's so trivial they can make a cartoon about it.
And if the cartoon makes sense to you, then you understand the immune system.
Once the germ is removed, the immune army disbands.
But they leave behind memory cells.
Their job is to remember the invader and to sound the alarm if it ever appears again.
When we're born, we're not yet very much Australian in terms of our immune system.
So if an infection strikes a little infant, then there's a great vulnerability.
It's the tiniest ones that need the most protection.
The recommended vaccine schedule is designed to close this window of vulnerability.
Some people believe that you don't need to vaccinate your child because you've got such a beautiful and good immune system.
They forget that these bugs that surround us have been co-evolving with us, sometimes for millions of years.
And in some respects, they're cleverer than us.
They have worked out ways of evading the immune system unless you pre-arm it.
Wow.
The Australian says that some of these things have been evolving for so long.
They're smarter than us.
And without pre-instruction, you're screwed.
You see it.
You hear it.
You come out of your mom already broken and vulnerable to the mother nature.
and her bitchy ways.
Like, that's what this is.
So, putting it bluntly, the white cells mightn't be fast enough or smart enough if we hadn't whipped them along by a prior immunization.
A vaccine, in effect, sends in an imposter, a weakened or dead part of the germ, just enough to be recognized.
The immune cells mount the defense.
Because the threat is low, they quickly disband.
But the all-important memory cells have been created.
The immune system is now prepared for the real germ.
To arm our immune system against multiple germs, different vaccines can be combined.
This reduces the number of shots we need.
Because the shots, it's the number of shots we can, we could, you know, I mean, if we got measles and mumps and rubella all at the same time, it would be terrible, of course.
But our immune system is totally capable of mounting a normal and good, robust memory response to all of those things if we immunize them together.
It's now in danger of overacting, activating the immune system, no danger of getting those things confused.
It's all just about, you know, it reduces the number of times that we have to stick a needle into your kid.
It reduces the number of times we have to go stab your child and inject a combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system, which is always dumb, but maybe the less times we do it, it'll feel better.
And studies show it to be safe.
What we have seen in the industrialised world is essentially all of the major epidemics, they've vanished.
Mums today have every expectation that their beautiful little baby will live and not be polished off by diphtheria, by tetanus, even occasionally by measles.
Now that is the transformation in young lives that vaccines have wrought.
Vaccines do more than protect individuals.
They can protect entire communities.
My kids have never worn sunscreen because they have jeans to protect them and because they wear a sun shirt if they need to wear a shirt.
Sunscreen is lame.
Team measles outbreak in New York hit hard and fast but remained within the Brooklyn area.
Why didn't it spread to the other 8 million people in the city?
Weird, right?
Why didn't it spread?
Here we go with herd immunity.
The virus was in circulation, even though it often wasn't obvious.
And it was being carried by people who often had no idea they were infected.
But the vast majority of people who came into contact with the virus had protection.
They were vaccinated.
You see how it got in her hair there?
There's two things that matter for whether or not I'm going to get sick.
One is, if I bump into somebody who has the disease, am I protected against it or not?
But the other piece, and the more important piece,
is the chance I will bump into somebody in the first place who has this disease.
And you can think of this as these sort of concentric circles of people.
And the less the disease exists in my circle or the next circle or the next circle, the safer I am.
Safety.
It's all about safety.
Hope you feel safe.
Notice that those people that we listened to yesterday do not feel safe.
And that's part of this.
That started already back then.
They're creating this possibility that you might not be safe.
That mother nature's a bitch.
That she provides, she stands as a threat.
And the outside world is full of threats that float around and hang around in elevators for hours.
And so if you're not keenly aware that a lot of this is exaggeration to get 100% compliance in a national security exercise that's three years away, you could really be in trouble.
Young babies and people who can't be vaccinated for medical reasons.
And in New York, it worked.
If we didn't have the high vaccination levels that we do, you know, in New York City and even in this community, I can promise you we would have had hundreds if not thousands of cases.
Yeah, yeah.
But this protection is fragile.
For highly infectious diseases like measles, we need 95% of the community vaccinated for herd immunity to hold.
If the rate drops, even just a few percent, herd immunity can collapse.
And then the people that aren't protected will get sick, right?
I mean, what are we saying?
89% the impact was dramatic.
Oh, in France.
Oh my goodness.
They jump rope in France.
There were around 40 cases of measles across France.
Then,
In 2008, a 10-year-old girl returned from holiday in Austria.
It wasn't her.
She went back to school and played with some friends.
Several days later, the girls became ill.
The measles infection spread from district to district, infecting the susceptible population.
In 2011, there were almost 15,000 cases.
Wow.
At least six people died.
Did they cover the whole country?
It's astounding to me that in this day and age that you can have people dying of measles in the developed world.
So for people who say this doesn't happen anymore, we have the proof.
It's a combination of people's risk tolerances low
London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, I believe, is the school that did a lot of, oh my gosh.
And yet a distorted notion of how invulnerable they are, that they would never get certain diseases.
And if they did, they'd be fine.
Low vaccination rates can also be fueled by mistrust.
and amplified by frightening stories.
The stories that circulate, go viral, are the stories that have that emotional power.
And what's the most emotional story?
The story of some child being hurt.
Luke Philbin was born a healthy, normal baby.
When he was six months old, his mother took him for his scheduled vaccinations.
17 hours later, Luke had a seizure.
He went into this full, violent convulsion.
He was frothing at the mouth.
He was just completely...
shaking and don't you find it strange that frontline based in america with 325 million people in 2017 had to go to freaking australia to find a kid with whooping cough had to go to freaking australia to find a doctor that would sit in a park and talk about vaccines had to go to australia to talk to these people what in the hell is going on here
Especially when you look at how they executed the pandemic and what they used New Zealand and Australia and Canada and the UK for.
Can you not see that it is one continuous operation?
It is one continuous setup.
It's like we were in a giant sting and we were the victims of it.
Beside myself, I did not turn, I rang the ambulance and just as they entered the house, he just stopped and went completely lifeless and turned blue.
They gave him some oxygen and they said we need to take him to hospital right now.
The doctors explained the vaccine had caused a fever which had triggered Luke's seizure.
10 days later, and I got another call at work from Sam, and he'd had another seizure.
That was when it really sort of dawned on us, I think, that something really serious was going on.
Luke's seizures continued, constantly.
You okay, mate?
You okay?
I had a friend whose daughter had seizures till she was about 12.
I went to the internet and I was searching everywhere just to find similar stories.
For that six-month period, as far as we were concerned, it was vaccine-related.
And blaming ourselves up to that point, really.
Why did we do this?
If Stuart hadn't done this, he'd be fine.
After many months of searching the world for answers, they discovered the clues to Luke's illness lay on the other side of Melbourne.
Here it comes, on the other side of Melbourne.
Turns out he had a gene.
See?
This is why I feel like...
My position in this is so vital because I can tell you from a first-hand experience how they've motivated an entire field called neuroscience to focus on genetic causes of behavior, genetic causes of disease, and genetic causes of changes in the brain that can explain this bullshit
And it's extraordinary how people have gone all in.
Because if you put billions of dollars of grant money behind these things and tell people, if you write a grant application and do experiments to collect data that try to answer these kinds of questions, there is a mountain of money available to you.
And it's all a perverted incentive to cover up.
what public health and the vaccine schedule in particular in America has done to our children this last generation.
Cases where prolonged seizures happen soon after vaccination.
It's really important that it occurred so close to his vaccination and this is really what led to the thinking that there was a vaccine encephalopathy.
So, and she's all still quoting it.
It's all because of the temporal coincidence.
If the temporal coincidence isn't there, then the vaccine or any prior prior exposure to an intramuscular toxin injection is just completely absolved of any possible relation to the cause.
And it is this fundamental magic trick that an intramuscular injection has to lead to symptoms in a few hours or a day, or otherwise whatever you injected intramuscularly is now absolved of any further role in your health.
This is absurd.
You have to understand how absurd that is, that they would inject something into your body via a needle
and then tell you if you don't have any adverse effects from it after about eight hours, well then obviously anything that happens to you after that is from something else.
Maybe you're aided or maybe it's a gene that you were always carrying around.
And I say so-called because everyone associated that the timing of the vaccination and the timing of the first seizure meant that the vaccine was causative.
Yeah, perfect.
For six years, the team... As if he is an anecdotal case that cannot be verified anywhere else on earth.
We are still in Australia!
...studied the patients carefully.
they discovered that the histories and symptoms matched those of a rare form of epilepsy called Dravet syndrome.
Dravet syndrome is a very severe epilepsy beginning in infancy and it occurs in a previously normal and well baby and their development slows down so they have normal development
And then between one to two years.
And so the wonderful thing about these kinds of stories, they have so many parallels to the other kinds of experimental models that I've seen in neurobiology and more broadly neuroscience used to equate an animal model with a model of autism.
You can look for things like Angelman's disease.
You can look for
rare genetic disorders in childhood that result in very predictable symptomologies in childhood.
And these are very interesting because from the perspective of a group of people that's trying to understand the human genome and how it works, especially in development, these are some of the low-hanging fruit in terms of, well, if we can understand anything, maybe we can understand how these kids end up to be bald by the time they're six years old and develop mentally retarded.
if we understand what this gene does in development.
And so they've given billions of dollars to neuroscientists, and that could be a broad term that anybody that studies the brain or development, giving money to neuroscientists to study these rare genetically
correlative or even genetically caused, let's say, childhood diseases with the idea that these genetic anomalies that result in a predictable symptomology that can be vaguely considered to be related to autism because it's in development, that this becomes this huge umbrella under which anything can fall into that rubric.
And so now you can have thousands of scientists that study this little niche thing or another little niche thing under the rubric that they're studying case examples of autism that are more predictable because they have a very known genetic component.
And where do we get here?
And I hope you've been following me until this point, but when we get here, then we also have the unknown components.
And so just because this particular example seems to have a genetic explanation, then the huge leap and assumption that this person makes because there are billions of dollars of grant money available to people who make this leap, then that means that all autism is caused by genetic vulnerabilities that we just haven't identified yet.
Some of them are worse than others.
Some of them manifest in different ways.
But in the end, it is a very tempting and very futurist, a very transhuman assumption to make.
that if we have a few examples of autism-like childhood diseases that can be traced back to particular genes or particular mutations, then it is a very transhuman assumption to say that, well, then that must mean that all of these manifestations have genetic explanations and we just need to dig deeper and collect more data and invert the sovereignty of every human being on the planet in order to solve these problems.
That's where we are right now.
Sort of plateaus.
And by far the majority of children with Dravet syndrome have intellectual disability.
Dravet syndrome is caused by mutations in a particular gene called SCN1A, which impact key pathways in the brain.
I can't emphasize how important it is for you to start to understand that and what, that will be one of the red threads that runs through all of the mini courses, any mini course that I ever teach.
is that if you put billions of dollars of grant money available to anybody that tries to develop a model of autism that is tied to a gene, then you're going to have thousands of neuroscientists working on animal models that tie autism to a gene, and indeed giving seminars and writing very smart prose about rationalizing this interpretation of the world, this model of the world.
And if it fails, it will only fail in certain cases.
That's their whole idea.
You almost have to prove it wrong in order for them to stop doing it.
And since you can't prove anything wrong in science, as long as people like Robert Malone are sitting on study sections, as long as people like Tony Fauci are sitting on study sections, as long as people like Peter Daszak are sitting on study sections, then you're never going to see this reverse.
These are usually new mutations, not something passed on from the child's parents.
In 2006, the team made a key discovery.
The majority of the children who had prolonged seizures after vaccination also had a mutation for Dravet syndrome.
The gene, the SCM1A mutation, is the cause of the Dravet syndrome.
It's really extraordinary, right?
Think about this, that mutation is found in Australian kids because the Australian population breeds with the Australian population.
They found a gene in the Australian population that's probably in other populations as well and causes a certain set of symptoms that can be exacerbated or even caused to go over threshold.
by the acute activation of the immune system, maybe by a particular injection or not.
Did she say which vaccine is causing it in this case?
So are they really trying to explain to you what they found?
Or are they just...
and the vaccine is at most a trigger for a seizure.
And anybody with epilepsy has triggers for their seizures.
They're not causative, they're triggers.
So you can have genes causing your epilepsy, but triggers are commonly sleep deprivation, stress, and in this situation, vaccination is a trigger.
See, they are using Australian scientists and Australian people and Australian narratives and Australian hospitals to tell people in America that the American vaccine schedule with 28 shots in two years for 14 diseases is totally okay.
Did they talk to us at all about what the vaccine schedule is in Australia?
Did they talk to us about who's producing the vaccines in Australia versus who's producing the vaccines in America?
Did they talk about which, how the legal status is different anywhere?
Or are they just telling us a biological narrative that suits the biosecurity state?
Ask yourself those questions.
When Luke was tested, they discovered he too had Dravet syndrome.
Today, Luke's parents know that any fever can trigger his seizures, whether from a toothache or from a vaccine.
I mean, I'm not saying this happened, but worst case scenario, the national security state in control of all the technologies surrounding the Human Genome Project could have easily done an operation where there was this kid that was injured.
And so we had to come up with a story of how it is.
And so this is the story.
And here it is.
That's the lady who's going to tell the story.
And then they covered it up.
Is it a real story or not?
I don't know anymore.
I don't care because I know that they are lying.
They have been lying to us about it long before the pandemic.
And that's the part that really bothers me because if you're not on the front line as a parent, making these choices, and you've never had anyone like I did in Norway, tell me their thoughts on it.
but instead start out with the PBS NewsHour, start out with a doctor that watches the PBS NewsHour, an American doctor that just thinks that they are an expert in something that they know nothing about, you're in big trouble.
And that's why I think it's really important to fight for this in America, because in America is where the worst malevolence of this kind is being executed on a daily basis.
They also understand that Luke was going to get this condition anyway.
We've chosen not to vaccinate him further because we know it was a trigger.
We rely on other people having their kids vaccinated to protect Luke.
And they don't feel bad about it because they think that the vaccination only hurt their son because he had a genetic vulnerability.
So anybody that won't take the vaccine for their own healthy kid is just being selfish.
You see, they're separating us with this mythology.
creating two sides that think that they are both justified for their position, no different than what we saw yesterday with those people thinking that, you know, if I ask you to wear a mask for a week before you come and visit me and you won't do it, then you're not being very nice.
You don't have my best interests in mind.
They are fracturing us like so many schizophrenic idiots.
That's what they're doing.
Luke's type of epilepsy is rare.
You're more likely to be struck by lightning.
Yet his story is an example of how a vaccine can appear to cause.
You're more likely to be struck by lightning, but they said that when they did the research, they found out that lots of vaccine injured kids had this condition.
You see how stupid that is, right?
We should go back really and listen to that part because they did say that they did research and they found that all those kids
All those kids with that disease had it triggered by a vaccine and therefore they looked for it in this kid and then they found that he had it.
But it's very, very rare disease that gets provoked by vaccines, but it's a rare disease.
And so then it doesn't explain all the children that are injured by vaccines, but they seem to be implying that here, which is so malevolent.
Stop lying.
The majority of children have no side effects from a vaccine.
Some may experience slight swelling at the injection site.
And a vaccine is all the same already in this thing.
It's all the same.
It couldn't be, for example, that diphtheria toxin is a more dangerous immunogen than the measles proteins that they put in you.
It couldn't be that your body has the potential to react very badly to one and not very bad.
You know, there's no nuance here.
Vaccines are
For the most part, for most people, safe.
There are some people who have genetic vulnerabilities to them.
And now you understand all the biology you need to know.
Now shut up and have kids.
A fever.
A normal immune response.
Occasionally, children can have a seizure after a vaccine, but this is usually a brief, one-time event with no damage.
With no damage!
Ha ha ha!
But there are extremely rare cases where a vaccine has done harm.
Cases like David Salomon.
I contracted polio from the vaccination.
It affected my right leg.
My muscles atrophied.
I wear a leg brace.
In 1990, when David was six months old, his parents took him for his oral polio vaccine.
Oral polio vaccine.
We took him to the pediatrician, and he basically said, oh, it's nothing.
You know what I mean?
Just probably a little reaction, but don't worry about it.
High fever.
It just seemed to get worse.
And suddenly, we noticed that he wasn't even able to move his lower extremities.
David's paralysis was eventually tracked back to the vaccine.
And to a series of events that occurred over 50 years ago.
Oh, what?
In the all-out fight against polio, led by the National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis, there were many years of struggle and heartbreak.
In the 1950s, tens of thousands of American children were paralyzed by polio and thousands of them died.
It was one of the most feared diseases of the 20th century.
Where did it come from?
Like it just developed?
Like polio just showed up?
Or, you know, like, I'm curious about that.
Thanks to the injectable Salk vaccine, and later the oral Sabin vaccine, polio rates plummeted by 99%.
The disease largely vanished from the U.S.
But the oral polio vaccine carried a risk.
There was a small chance that the weakened virus within it could mutate and actually cause polio.
Because it's just an enterovirus.
It's just a gut virus.
And we don't, I don't know enough about it to say what exactly it is, but it's a signal that was always there.
And they tried to augment your immune system in a way that, that,
It's just awful.
When in reality, what probably was happening, DDT was breaking the barrier of the gut.
And DDT breaking the barrier of the gut caused the bacteria to get in, the enterovirus to get in, whatever, and paralyzed people.
Otherwise, the barrier would not have been broken, and then this would just be an enterovirus, probably that was actually shared between bacteria in your gut rather than, you know, infecting your cells like they say it is.
Okay, David, come on down.
I want to show you something.
We failed to ask the question.
You mean endogenous virus, right?
And a virus that's always in you, yeah.
Does it pass the risk-benefit ratio test?
And obviously, if the only cases of polio you have in a country come from the very vaccine designed to prevent it, it doesn't pass, and it shouldn't be given.
The Congress has oversight.
Understand that if DDT was the real cause of polio, then it is a very, very simple PSYOP that they pulled on these people.
And they pulled DDT around the same time that they rolled out this shot.
They got the shot ready to go and holy cow, here we go, people.
It's like a shell game.
Over CDC, over- David's father lobbied to have the vaccine changed.
And in the year 2000, across the U.S., the oral vaccine was replaced by a safer, injectable version.
This vaccine had a problem, and there was a better one, and we fixed it.
The system worked.
Too many had to suffer, but the system worked.
I'm not against vaccinations.
I'm pro-vaccinations.
We had thousands of people contracting polio prior to the vaccination.
We came out with the vaccination and that number decreased significantly.
So less people are getting sick, less people are getting affected, and that's a good thing.
Changing and adapting vaccines as new evidence emerges is a vital and ongoing process.
But sometimes vaccines are blamed for causing harm when there's no scientific proof.
When there's no scientific proof, oh my goodness, would people do that?
No way!
Autism is one of the most baffling health issues of our generation.
Here it is.
Around 1 in 70 children are diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorder in the US today.
1 in 70!
It's not a single disease, but rather a complex web of disorders marked by communication difficulties and repetitive behaviors.
The question is, what causes it?
Brown bear, brown bear.
That's a teddy bear.
This beautiful girl is my daughter, Jodi.
She's six.
I think one of the things that we should be reminded of is that back in the time when I was a child, my dad was a special ed teacher before he retired.
And he used to work with severely handicapped people when I was young.
And back then, those people were called, a lot of them were called retarded.
And of course, that's a terrible word nowadays.
But it strikes me as interesting to think about the idea that a lot of the argument that is made is that we become better at diagnosing autism or this kind of thing.
And it strikes me as interesting to note that at that time, my understanding was that all those kids that my dad worked with were kids that were that way from birth.
And now in retrospect, I wonder, thinking back, I wonder how many of those kids
became retarded, you know what I mean?
And whether or not autistic kids at that time may have been just called and treated as this rubric.
Now she says that autism is a wide ranging term that describes a lot of things.
Well, back in the early seventies, retarded was that, that term, as far as I know.
I mean, you know, again, I'm not a child psychologist.
I was a kid in, in the seventies.
Um,
I just am more trying to make the point that the number of children that are being identified as this versus the confusion, that's where I was going, I almost lost it, the confusion that's being created by these people who say they're autistic.
For example, John Cullen.
The guy that works with John Goodman on YouTube and had sunglasses and now looks like kind of a low-rent Higgins from Magnum PI, that guy claims to have Asperger's.
Now, from my perspective, that's a terrible thing to claim to have when you know that there are people that do have a disease called Asperger's that is actually socially debilitating for them.
And so we have this, also this new wave of like, you know, any neuroticism that you have as an adult could be called autism and you just weren't diagnosed.
You know, any OCD that you have might be your autism.
And all of this is part of a collective move to try and trivialize the injury that occurs in this, you know, 28 shot over two years schedule.
that lots and lots of parents are very aware damage their child.
And the foremost one that comes to mind for me is Brian Hooker.
Teen, and she has autism, and now she's in residential placement.
And I'm here today, as I am every weekend, visiting her.
It's the highlight of my week.
As a parent, I would love to have a better understanding of why she behaves the way she behaves or why we have to go through the same rituals and routines every single time.
We need to understand so that we can help her.
Allison Singer channeled her need for answers, becoming an autism advocate, raising funds for research.
Allison noticed Jodi's symptoms around the same time as her daughter had her vaccinations.
So she, like many parents, suspected there could be a link.
Clearly, children were getting more vaccines than we had gotten when we were born.
Uh-oh.
And more and more children were being diagnosed with autism.
Oh, she's saying some pretty risky stuff there.
Look out.
So I felt that, yes, this was an area that we needed to look at and see if there was a relationship between vaccines and autism.
In 1998, an English doctor, Andrew... Do you hear the whispering?
I'm going to go back one click.
Listen to the whispering.
We needed to look at and see if there was a relationship between vaccines and autism.
In 1998, an English doctor, Andrew Wakefield, argued there was a link between autism and MMR, the measles, mumps, and rubella vaccine.
His study of 12 children was published in a major medical journal, The Lancet.
When I read that, I was taken aback.
We have to look at this.
Fortunately, those are studies that can be done.
A search began to see if a link between autism and the MMR vaccine could be confirmed.
Scientists examined the medical records of hundreds of thousands of children.
They were all injected with different products.
They were all injected with different products manufactured at different facilities.
Injected at different times by different doctors.
And so the idea, for example, that a particular lot or dose could have been especially inflammatory or especially dangerous has ruled out here.
The idea that any kind of combination vaccine might be dangerous, depending on how it was, this is all ruled out here.
And instead they use numbers that are not related as if, well, we don't find any measles in the cardinal population of America, so I guess there's no epidemic.
We don't find any injuries in 10,000 children in America and millions in Finland.
And so therefore these kids aren't injured.
And so you should submit to vaccination.
And so it's all the same sort of full court press.
And again, we're using data from numbers and places and times and products are all ignored.
And we generalize across either vaccines with a small v, or now in this case, we were generalizing across the MMR vaccine.
One of the most anecdotally scary stories about this is when this all finally came down and Andrew Wakefield was just saying, all I would really like to try is to advocate for single target vaccines.
And then the only single target measles vaccine that was being produced was permanently taken off the market.
But study after study revealed that whether the children were vaccinated or not, the rates of autism were the same.
No one could replicate Andrew Wakefield's findings.
Eventually that study was shown to be fraudulent and it was withdrawn.
Fraudulent and withdrawn.
So those kids weren't injured?
Temporal correlation between their developing of this terrible immune reaction in their bowel and behavioral change has nothing that that temporal correlation is not real because it wasn't able to be replicated.
Meaning they couldn't find it anywhere else.
It's really gross.
The one thing that I do find a little bit alarming and it's occurred to me a while ago.
I saw it in the chat.
is that he also is unable as a doctor to just articulate the general concern, which is the unwarranted or poorly understood attempt to augment the immune system intramuscularly has a incredible potential for downside.
And instead of trying to explain this,
You know, with his long, he's got a long time to tell people this kind of stuff.
He seems to have been focused purely on certain messaging, not the general messaging, which I'm trying to put forward, which is, which what he could have done is to say, well, I mean, let's say that there's some risk with vaccines and that these kids are injured, but it's not all kids because of some explainable thing.
There's a lot more shots in America.
Maybe we should look over there.
I mean, just something intelligent.
Similar studies failed to find any link between autism and a mercury-based preservative called thimerosal.
Here we go, chasing things around again.
Still other studies failed to find any link between autism and the number or timing of vaccines.
But again, those are statistical relationships.
And if they can't find the statistical relationship, then it doesn't work.
And so if the timeframe of onset is too wide and too varied, it doesn't work.
There's no signal.
Sorry.
We would expect the signal to show up in some bump, you know, like seven days later or eight days later.
And since we don't see that, I guess, no, there's nothing.
So at this point, it's not like we have one study or two studies or five studies.
We have dozens of studies.
I think we were right to look at whether vaccines might be a cause of autism, but there comes a point where there's so much evidence.
None of which shows any link between vaccines and autism.
I'm afraid that she's been used.
I'm afraid that she's been used and convinced that these p-values mean something and doesn't even understand how the p-values are measured or what the what possibility there is in in the power of those studies.
Maybe all of them are woefully underpowered.
You have to say enough.
And you have to say enough and then give all the producers of these vaccines complete immunity so that they're not liable even if they make a mistake in manufacturing or they're negligent in it.
Today, scientists like Daniel Geschwind are making dramatic progress in finding the real causes of autism.
Here we go again with the genetics.
There it is.
It's really extraordinary.
Identifying the genetic causes is really important because it gives us a place to start.
He works under the assumption that there are genetic causes and then he gets grant money to investigate those genetic causes and report his, his data back.
That's it.
It's that simple.
And the more money they invest in it, the more people will become convinced.
and the more people will get really good at sitting in front of a camera or sitting in front of a lecture or sitting in front of a classroom and saying that finding the genetic causes of autism is a very important reason why I exist.
And I'm doing really important work because there are genetic causes to autism.
And so those genetic causes must be getting more prevalent in our children over time, right?
Or we're getting better at diagnosing autism, and that's why we're finding more of it.
But the genes are always there.
Or are the genes becoming more activated?
Or, you know, see, it's even incongruent at the surface if you just start to poke a little bit.
We know autism can run in families, but it took a revolution.
We know autism can run in families.
Wow.
That is, that's fricking awesome.
We know that genetic anomalies can run in families.
We know that mental retardation that's genetically connected can run in families.
We know that's true.
holy shit oh wait there we go an anchor a place to start
We know autism can run in families.
Microarrays.
Revolution in DNA sequencing technology to allow scientists.
A revolution in DNA sequencing technology.
Wow, I don't know if we know anybody involved in COVID that's been interested in the revolution between our of gene sequencing technologies.
Maybe just Claire Craig at heart, who was interested in gene sequencing technologies and using AI to crack the code before the pandemic.
as a clinical pathologist.
Maybe Kevin McKernan, who was interested in gene technology since he cut his teeth at the Human Genome Project and then later led a fake paper about the objection to the Cormann-Jorston protocol that was promoted by the WHO and put Claire Craig and Mike Eden and Thomas Binder and all these other people on the same paper with him.
you know, that trained with Mike Lander at the Broad Institute that then later gave a position to the Canadian Alina Chan, who came out and said that maybe it's a lab leak and wrote a book with Matt Ridley from the UK that maybe it's a lab leak.
And so these foreigners, they get appointed at the head of the Rocky Mountain Laboratory and the head of DITRA and the head of U.S.
Emirate.
and they get appointed everywhere and then Robert Malone goes and coordinates with all these people in Australia and testifies in front of Australian government and Romanian government and the EU government and takes all these people around and we're supposed to believe that all of these people are just doing it because they want to save the world for our grandkids to keep them free!
Stop lying!
To compare thousands of genes in people with and without autism
Comparing thousands of genes across people was really easy to do when they started being able to swab everybody at the beginning of the pandemic and swab all these kids that went back to college and had to take tests on a weekly basis.
Then they sold their remnants away to the highest bidder in order to do the exact shit they're describing here.
Pinpoint specific mutations.
Some of these gene mutations are inherited, but many are new, as in Dravet syndrome.
Many of these genes play a role in brain development and in the way brain cells communicate.
That can give us enormous clues about the onset of autism, where it begins, how it begins, and hopefully how to treat it.
That's exactly how you have to talk if you want to get the money.
You have to talk very confidently about it, and then you have to come up with really good formulations of how you're going to solve that problem, and really good formulations of where you're going to derive the p-values from.
That's how academic biology, that's how academicians work.
Scientists are also investigating environmental factors, but genes are a major part of it.
He's looking around the room as if he always envisions these networks of genes like this.
This is how I, this is how I think.
I'm so smart.
I've got, I've got shit spinning around in my head all the time.
And they've led scientists to an extraordinary new insight that autism begins in the womb.
Oh!
It begins in the womb.
That's why all these beautiful children at around age one and a half start to beat their head against the wall and scream and shit their pants.
Stop looking at their parents in the eye because it starts in the womb.
Well, then I guess we're gonna have to vaccinate kids in the womb, huh?
I mean, the only way to fix this would be to genetically modify children when we find the gene.
Early developmental processes, so somewhere between 10 and 24 weeks or so of gestation.
We don't know everything that causes autism at this point.
But they are sure that it happens in the womb.
So, you know, a COVID vaccine or a flu vaccine before your baby's born, that's no problem.
Cause this happens in the womb and it's genes.
Once we find all the genes, we'll be able to solve this problem.
You know, we used to think about nine, 10 years before this video, we used to think,
that chronic fatigue syndrome was caused by a virus.
And we used to think that autism was caused by a virus that was just latent in your body and then activated by vaccines.
And one of the foremost proponents of that idea descended from the same mentor chain that Robert Malone did.
Her name is Judy Mikovits.
But all of the genetics is pointing to fetal origin.
So as autism reveals its secrets, it's increasingly clear that childhood vaccines cannot be the cause.
Cannot no way.
It's increasingly clear.
It cannot be the cause.
Who's a pretty girl.
It wasn't my fault.
for not knowing the irreducible complexity of my own kid and trusting the irreducible complexity of my kid.
And it's not my fault.
Make no mistake about it.
I think it's my fault that my daughter got the vaccines that she did.
And if there's anything wrong with her as a result of it, it's my fault.
Because as an academic biologist, I should have known.
I already knew that they were going all in on these genetic things, even though that's not possible to explain it.
I already knew that they were going all in on this genetic thing with cancer, and there's no way that that could explain it.
But still, I was trying to play the game.
I was trying to become an Akata magician myself.
And so I just couldn't get past the,
I just couldn't get past it.
I couldn't reconcile the incongruencies that I was seeing and start to understand the system as a whole being broken until COVID showed it to me.
And the system itself threw me out against my own wishes and only kicking and screaming did I come to this realization, of course.
Just as the underlying causes of autism are being illuminated, there's another controversy brewing, this time around a vaccine that prevents cancer.
Cervical cancer.
Exactly on time with Vaxxed 2, which is of course about preventing cervical cancer, HPV vaccine, here it comes.
the most awful, awful product on the market today.
Sure is a horrible way to die.
There have been severe reactions up to and including death as a result.
And she suffered from mental retardation thereafter.
Do I want to take my chances of dying with cancer?
The vaccine protects against a sexually transmitted disease.
Humor mongering, ignorance.
The vaccine to protect against HPV, human papillomavirus, has generated an unusual amount of publicity.
Those are all cells dividing, so I don't know why they keep showing cells dividing while they're talking about a virus.
HPV is the most common cancer-causing virus on Earth.
THE MOST COMMON CANCER-CAUSING VIRUS ON EARTH.
That is a pretty definitive statement that is probably incorrect.
Around 80% of Americans will catch it at some stage in their life.
Holy shit.
For most, it's harmless, but for some, it causes cancer.
So something that is found in 80% of people, they think they're gonna eliminate by giving kids a shot when they're teenagers before they have sex.
That's amazing.
Cancer.
Every year, over 25,000 HPV-related cancers occur in the U.S.
Many are cervical cancers in females or throat cancers in males.
So people often say they wish they could prevent cancer.
This vaccine prevents cancer.
Imagine saying that.
Imagine how stupid you need to be, how naive you need to be to say that into a camera in 2017.
That's how bamboozled these people are.
It's not her expertise.
She didn't make HPV vaccine.
She didn't formulate Gardasil.
She's got no, she's just got a broken circuit in her head
that thinks that vaccines with a small V are all proven to be fine, and that the immune system is just that easy to augment.
And that's how poor her biological training is.
Who doesn't want that for their child?
Amy Middleman is a mother of three.
She's also an adolescent pediatrician involved in assessing the safety and effectiveness of the HPV vaccine.
She vaccinated her children as soon as it became available.
I am a little confused by the drama around this vaccine.
To me, this is a life-saving vaccine.
I can't imagine not giving it to my children.
That is just incredible.
That is just fricking incredible.
On the other hand, I think sometimes we expect parents to have all of the data that we have as physicians.
You don't have any data.
You liar.
That is so terrible.
Providers is to make sure we separate the issues and bring forth the important ones that should be.
She works with Paul Offit by the way.
Okay, and then just one is needed for the patient.
I think it's the same hospital.
The key is to vaccinate boys and girls before they're ever exposed to the virus.
That is, before they become sexually active.
I know, isn't it?
It's recommended for every boy and girl at age 11 and 12.
This is just like everything else.
You want to get the vaccine before you have a risk of getting the disease so that it protects you.
Look at her.
Oh my gosh, it's gross.
Around 60 million doses of the HPV vaccine have been given in the U.S.
Like all vaccines, it's carefully monitored for safety.
Carefully monitored?
There have been claims of rare, serious reactions, even deaths.
These have been carefully investigated.
There are no serious adverse events associated with this vaccine in a causal way.
This is one of the safest vaccines that we have to offer.
Wow.
And it prevents cancer.
I mean, that's spectacular commitment.
This is the extent of the expertise of these people.
You don't need to trust your doctor anymore.
They have been overwhelmed, overworked, and overregulated.
and they don't have a real role in our health anymore.
Otherwise they would have counseled you about breastfeeding your kid.
They would have counseled you in a way that you knew what your sacred biology was before you ever had a child.
But that's not what this is about.
They work for the state.
They work for the public health department that gives them money for this shit.
For some, the link between the HPV vaccine and sex is a concern.
I have reservations about the HPV vaccine.
It's for a sexually transmitted disease.
Understand that in 2022, when I was still a dumbass with my head in the ground, they tried to give my kids the HPV vaccine.
And I said, is it okay if we skip that one?
And I made my boys take their shots to go to the new school, which was, I think, a MMR or some shit.
And I was made to feel bad that I didn't want to do that one.
No, you can do that later.
That can be done later.
I don't think my kids will ever go to another doctor again until we meet one that understands us and thinks about our biology the way we think about it.
and not the way the CDC and the Human Genome Project, Kevin McCairn, and Kevin McKernan, and Jessica Rose, and Robert Malone, and Meryl Nass, and Bobby Kennedy, and Mary Holland, and
I can and all these other people would like you to think about it, which is about human rights, not about individual rights, but human rights and the need to weigh the needs of the few with the needs of the many or some bullshit.
We need to take back that real estate that is our consciousness and take it back quick.
Studies show that any intimate contact, perhaps even deep kissing, can spread the virus.
Deep kissing, so if you want your kid to be able to make out even, it doesn't have to be that your kid's promiscuous.
You don't have to have a promiscuous teenager in order to need this vaccine.
They are finding every screw to turn and turning those screws, and they've been doing it since before the pandemic.
We just weren't paying attention.
And getting the vaccine does not mean people start having sex earlier.
That is a wonderful example of how they start making you ask questions that are not even relevant questions.
None of these parents are worried that taking the HPV vaccine is going to encourage their kid to start having sex.
Oh man, mom, thank goodness you're on that side where you give me the HPV vaccine.
Now I feel much safer sleeping with my boyfriend than I did before you took me to the doctor.
But PBS News reassuring parents that don't worry.
If you give your kids this vaccine, that's not going to make them suddenly start having sex.
They are actually showing you how it's done.
They're having a whole conversation about a stupid question with stupid answers.
If I give my kid this vaccine, will they start having sex?
I don't want that.
I believe in chastity.
And then the PBS NewsHour works it out with their very warm voice in the background.
And it really feels like, oh, I get it.
But what you did by watching this bullshit with me is that you were briefly tricked into asking if that's even a relevant question.
What are the possible answers to it?
And that's no different than how this exact same national security, biosecurity state tricked us into asking a question about, wow, I wonder where this virus came from.
Do they really know how prevalent it is in the background?
Can they know how many false positive PCR tests are occurring?
And as long as you run around in their own made hamster wheels, you're asking questions that accept the presupposition of the narrative, which is that vaccines are fine.
There is no causal relation between any of these things.
And so let's just move on and stop being so nuts.
The sex part, the way in which you get the target disease is irrelevant.
We don't talk about diphtheria and how you get diphtheria before we give the Tdap vaccine.
How they're getting exposed is irrelevant to the ability to prevent the disease.
I want her to make the decision.
I mean, it's very magical, right?
It's very, very magical how they made it about sex and teen sex, which we know that all parents of teens are worried about at least a little bit.
But think about this.
This is exactly how this is done.
It's a limited spectrum of debate that is constructed out of whole cloth and then waved around like a flag that's worth waving that has two sides to argue about.
or more sites.
When she gets of age.
Again, you know how I feel about it.
I strongly recommend it.
I try to prevent disease whenever I can.
So, but we can definitely get you the flu vaccine today and we'll keep talking about the HPV vaccine if that's okay with you.
Patients come.
And so as long as you take one intramuscular injection or another, you're accepting their shit anyway.
Do you honestly think that it's possible that the HPV vaccine might be a dangerous intramuscular injection, but the flu vaccine's fine?
Made by the same people with the same indemnity.
Like, wow.
Just asking for reassurance about these decisions.
And if they don't get strong reassurance, it's pretty easy to put it off until the next visit or the next visit, or I'll think about it maybe the next time.
We're not talking about a cold that's going to go away.
This is cancer.
And this is what we've been working for for years, are ways to prevent cancer.
We have been looking for ways to prevent cancer.
And so is this the most abundant kind of cancer?
Is this the most prevalent kind of cancer?
I don't understand why they chose this one to be the one.
For me, personally, I believe that they chose this one to be a new one because they could make this argument.
They were able to successfully get over this threshold of, how are we gonna sell this to people?
Oh, let's make it about teen sex.
Let's make it about teen sex.
And if it's about teen sex, then teens, and we can give it to teens, and it'll prevent something, and it'll be cancer, and it's perfect.
Oh, wow, that sounds great.
Okay, let's try it.
On the other side of Oklahoma City, one woman knows only too well the cost of not being able to prevent her daughter's cancer.
Jennifer was 37 years old and she died.
And so now they use an example of somebody who dies of cancer as a reason for the vaccine without ever suggesting that there's real data that shows that people who are vaccinated are fine, they don't get cancer or they don't get whatever.
And there's no indication, there's no investigation into what they might else get, you know, like,
from cervical cancer.
It's gross.
It's really gross cancer in her liver.
She looks super healthy in her right hip.
And so she had cancer all over her body, but it must've been because she skipped a vaccine.
How malevolent can it get?
I don't know.
And so she died of the effects of the cancer, which was spreading through her body.
If there was something I could have done to protect her, of course I would have.
The idea now that parents can vaccinate their children to prevent most cervical cancers, you know, I just wish that that had been available to us.
The idea.
She said the idea.
It's not a reality.
The idea is available.
The idea is out there.
And she wishes it would have been available.
That's all she's saying because there is nothing else.
And the movie Vaxxed 2 came out in this same year
And so you can see why Frontline had to put this show up.
To have changed the course of Jennifer's life.
It just makes me very, very sad.
I'm sorry.
As a mother and as a pediatrician, I think one of the biggest fears that I have, and have always had, is that one of my children will get sick and I can't do anything about it.
Or one of my patients will get sick and I can't do anything about it.
And to be able to prevent that is such a gift.
Vaccines deliver a remarkable but often invisible gift, protecting against diseases we may never see around us.
Yet for parents, it can be hard not to worry about potential risks.
All of our lives is surrounded by the risks of everyday.
I walk across the street, I could be hit by a car.
We live with risk because it's part of what we all face in terms of getting what we want.
I want to come to the football game.
I want to have a fun day with my family.
And those benefits are worth putting myself at risk.
Many people worry about the risks of serious adverse events or side effects.
Still this guy again.
How risky is that really?
Like any medication, vaccines are not risk-free.
I know what they're going to do.
They're going to use the number of people at this game to show you how risky it is.
Oh, my shit.
Here it comes.
But the risk of a severe side effect is extremely small.
For a life-threatening event like a severe allergic reaction, it's around one in one million, ten times the number of people in this stadium.
These kinds of serious reactions are really that rare.
Yet parents may worry about side effects, even when they... That means that there should only be about 300 people in a country of 350 million that are injured in some way by vaccines.
Only 350 people.
One in a million, 350 million people, let's say 400.
400 autistic people, 400 vaccine injured people in America, that's it.
What we think about is, what's gonna happen to my kid?
What if my kid is the one kid who happens to have this happen to them?
One of the things we have to remember in medicine is that it's a balancing act.
Here we are with an Australian again, loyal crown people.
Really, everything is measuring risk versus benefits.
This is a truth of vaccines as well.
There are risks, there are benefits.
The risks happen to be minuscule of serious side reactions.
The benefits are enormous.
Why should I take health advice from somebody that looks like that?
Vaccines protect us individually, in case the person next to us is carrying a dangerous germ.
And the higher the overall vaccination rate, the more protection for everyone.
because it's only the vaccination rate.
It isn't the health of the population.
It isn't the exposure to things like glyphosate and processed foods and chemicals.
It isn't the exposure to pesticides.
It isn't the exposure to bad water.
It isn't the anything else that these people might be exposed to.
It is just whether or not a certain percentage of them has taken the recommended CDC dose or not.
And that's how you can see how much bullshit is really being pushed on us and was being pushed very hard.
before the pandemic.
In 2017, right when, you know, Bret Weinstein is again getting all excited and getting half a million dollars for getting yelled at by some students.
In 1955, this is where Dr. Thomas Francis announced to the world the outcome of the polio vaccine trials.
And he told the world that the vaccine was safe, effective, and potent.
I love having this conversation here in this room because what we really need to do is to get back into the mindset of the people who were sitting here in 1955.
They looked at the vaccine trials and said, is this a better choice?
not a perfect choice, a better choice than what we face if we do not vaccinate.
Because the less often we vaccinate, the more our lives will be touched, perhaps slowly at first, but eventually more and more by diseases that we once thought were gone.
It's amazing.
It's absolutely amazing.
Baby Osman spent 17 days in the hospital with whooping cough.
No one knows who spread the deadly germ to him.
Ha!
Only that he was one of the lucky ones.
Who spread the germ!
Now six months old, he's recovering well.
Across America and the world, outbreaks of vaccine-preventable diseases continue to be reported.
In Michigan and several other states, personal exemption rates have risen above 5%.
Some states, like California, have passed laws making it more difficult for parents to opt out.
Wherever they live, parents continue to weigh what's best for their children.
And health officials continue to worry about saving lives.
Oh, yeah, they do.
We all inhabit this planet together.
We all make decisions that affect not only us, but others.
And I would like to believe that there is something in us that allows us to see it that way.
Communist.
Collectivist.
Collectivist!
I don't know what to say other than, um...
It was a bad show.
I don't like it any more than you do.
This is the way it is.
We have a lot of work to do because we definitely need to establish a new consensus about what transfection was before the pandemic.
We need to establish a new consensus about what the vaccine schedule was before the pandemic.
and we need to establish a new consensus about what their motivations were and their immunomythology was.
What myths and legends were they telling us before the pandemic that have dovetailed seamlessly with the start of and the execution of the national security exercise that was the pandemic, where they murdered Americans and lied around the world
about what that meant about the existence of a pandemic.
Lock down the world based on the murder and lies in America.
Ladies and gentlemen, please stop all transfections in the humans that you love.
And hopefully we will see each other again tomorrow.
Thank you very much for being here.
If you'd like to support the stream, you can go to gigaohmbiological.com and find a way to support.
And if you want to share the stream after broadcast, please share stream.gigaohm.bio.
because we're actually spending our money on that one, and there are no algorithms, no sign-up, no ads, and more importantly, YouTube or Twitch or something else can't serve up a bullshit ad or a bullshit video after one of ours, but instead, more likely after watching one of mine, maybe you'll watch one of Mark's or maybe just share a clip, that kind of thing.
Thanks very much for joining me.
Remember that Mark lost his third channel, so he has
Number one is gone.
Number three is gone and number two has two strikes.
So he really can't stream that often I'm gonna try and see if I can get him on my program in the next couple days and in the meantime make sure you reach out to him in any way that you can and share his archive on Bitchute and on rumble and share his frickin website for goodness sakes That's the thing that gets ignored the most.
Thank you very much.
I'll see you again tomorrow
Yeah, let's try to start following each other on the soapbox.
Let's make it a network.
Let's make it happen.
See you guys tomorrow.